12 Awesome Midjourney Poster Prompts + How to Easily Upscale Images for Print (for Free)!

https://runtheprompts.com/prompts/midjourney/awesome-poster-prompts-and-upscale-images/

written by Nick Smith Published: August 20, 2023Last Updated on January 1, 2024

Midjourney Posters on Brick Wall

Midjourney poster prompts can give you a 100% personalized and unique poster or framed piece of art for your house, condo, apartment, underground bunker, or trailer. 

And once you create the perfect image in Midjourney for your poster, guess what? You can upscale that image for free and send it off to the printing press. It will be high resolution, clear, and hanging proudly on your wall in no time.

There’s nothing quite like having your own physical piece of unique art, tailored just for you.

Doing this entire process is not only straightforward but also enjoyable. I’m here to guide you step by step on exactly how to nail it and provide you with some awesome prompts to help you craft the most head-turning poster you’ve ever laid eyes on. And, as always, I’m right here by your side, holding your hand as you tremble in fear.

## 1 Midjourney Movie Poster Prompt: Fight Club

Movie poster for the movie Fight Club, feature Tyler Durden, a lot of black color, in the style of Saul Bass –ar 2:3

There’s only one rule of Fight Club: You do not talk about your secret Midjourney Fight Club poster prompt.

Got it?

Actually, wait. Definitely talk about it. Tell everyone you know to visit this page. Please.

Want a different movie for some reason? Replace “Fight Club” in the prompt with a different movie. Also, edit the rest of the prompt to fit your needs. Even a prompt as simple as “<<Enter Movie Title Here>> Movie Poster” can work.

Here’s the original image from Midjourney. Notice the gibberish text.

I removed the gibberish text with Generative Fill in Photoshop in a matter of seconds. You can too.

I added the “Fight Club” text to the original image by using Canva. It took around two minutes.

I’d recommend Canva over any other tool when you just need to add a bit of stylized text or typography to an image. When it comes to text, it’s even more effective and quicker than Photoshop. Don’t be intimidated. Just try it.

## 2 Midjourney Travel Poster Prompt: Gary, Indiana

flat vector art illustration, travel poster Gary Indiana, garbage everywhere, wide angle –ar 2:3 –s 500

“Gary, Indiana: Where every street corner feels like a game of ‘Is it safe?'”

You don’t have to use Gary, Indiana in your poster prompt. Unless you want to, of course. I did it for the irony.

Change “Gary, Indiana” to any other travel destination. Also, feel free to remove “garbage everywhere.” 

Here’s the original image from Midjourney. I added the text with Canva, just like the previous poster.

Gary, IN - Garbage - Base Image

## 3 Midjourney Travel Poster Prompt: Scottsdale, AZ

flat vector art illustration of a travel poster for Scottsdale AZ, palm trees, mountains, resort, pool, sunset, wide angle –ar 2:3 –s 500 –no clouds

I wanted to pay homage to the home base of Run The Prompts: Scottsdale, Arizona. Packed with mountains, palm trees, spring training baseball, beautiful women, and enough bars and restaurants to never run out of options, Scottsdale has something for everyone. Just stop moving here…please.

If you don’t want a poster of Scottsdale, simply use another place, as always. And then describe what you want in the poster.

## 4 Midjourney Travel Poster Prompt: North Korea

https://s.mj.run/8Gpys0LBink flat vector art illustration, travel poster for North Korea, Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un, wide angle –ar 2:3 –s 500

Dennis Rodman and Rocket Man. The great ambassadors of the most glorious nation of North Korea.

Want to know how to get banned from North Korea for life and/or find yourself in a North Korean labor camp? Bring a printout of this poster with you on your trip.

This poster was edited heavily using Adobe Photoshop, as well as Canva.

Remember, when Midjourney gives you something that’s almost there…you can edit it until it’s there.

## 5 Midjourney Graphic Poster Prompt: Downtown Phoenix, AZ

risograph style, dadaism and expressionism mix, double exposure collage of Phoenix Arizona cityscape, monochromatic green, red, black –ar 2:3 –style raw –no bird

Downtown Phoenix in all its glory. I’m sure this prompt would also work great for any other major downtown area that has a city skyline. Try it.

I used the complementary colors of red and green to provide a striking contrast.

Personally, I might actually frame this one and put it on my wall.

## 6 Midjourney Blacklight Poster Prompt: Skittle Forest

https://s.mj.run/pKL9lB9pOgk https://s.mj.run/EWhr5W_TOw0 blacklight poster, alien planet, a road made of skittles, post-apocalyptic, fisheye lens, lightning, colourful, ultra detailed, cinematic –ar 2:3

If you recall my previous post about Psychedelic Midjourney Prompts, then the memory of the original Skittle Forest should come back to you, assuming you were paying attention.

Does it actually glow in a black light? I don’t know, but I can’t see why not. Why don’t you give it a try?

## 7 Midjourney Political Propaganda Poster Prompt: Donald Trump

Vintage travel poster of Donald Trump, world war 2, graphic style, white, red, blue, in the style of Dmitry Moor –ar 2:3

Midjourney Political Poster - Donald Trump
Before we crack into this one, here’s a word of warning: Run The Prompts is not affiliated with either of the two main political parties in the US. We are not Democrats or Republicans. We believe that most mainstream politicians are corrupt. These images are for entertainment purposes.

With that said, use this propaganda Midjourney poster prompt for whichever political figure (or celebrity, or basically anyone) you want. As you can see, it looks like Soviet-style World War 2 propaganda. Dmitry Moor is a controversial artist, and this image is in his style.

## 8 Midjourney Political Propaganda Poster Prompt: Kamala Harris

Vintage travel poster of Kamala Harris, world war 2, graphic style, white, red, blue, in the style of Dmitry Moor –ar 2:3

## 9 Midjourney Poster Prompt: Trashed Hotel

trashed hotel travel poster inspiring pastel –ar 2:3

I didn’t expect this poster to turn out as cool as it did.

You could hang it up in your place without people even noticing what’s really going on in it until they look closely.

And really, who hasn’t trashed their hotel room to the extent of the bed going through the wall? Everyone can relate.

## 10 Midjourney Poster Prompt: Trashy Motel

extremely inexpensive motel, trash everywhere, birds pooping, travel poster inspiring pastel –ar 2:3

Somewhere in the rural forgotten land, in the middle of nowhere California, a trashy, dilapidated motel is nearly vacant and barely operational.

If you’re looking for something more “appealing”, it’s an easy edit. In the prompt, change “inexpensive motel” to “expensive resort”. And delete the fecal and trash references. Personally, I think they make it charming.

## 11 Midjourney Poster Prompt: The Samurai

Man in a futuristic samurai suit, style Soviet poster, USSR poster, sword in the background, the background Ninja Mech, dawn weather, anime, manga graphics, dark colors, offset printing, high detail, Poster, 8K, HD, CMYK, Happy, cinematic Lighting –ar 2:3 –niji 5

Midjourney Poster: The Samurai
Just a samurai Midjourney poster using Niji Mode. That is all.

## 12 Midjourney Poster: Neon Poster

neon poster –ar 2:3

Midjourney Neon Girl Poster
Yes, you read that right. This masterpiece was created with just two words in the prompt: “Neon Poster”. Be sure to discover more incredible two-word prompts.

Pre-Printing Option #1: How to Easily Upscale Your Midjourney Poster for Free
Now that you have your poster, you need to upscale it so that you can print it without nearly as much pixelation. You can upscale to 2X or 4X directly in Midjourney. Want it even bigger though? The good news is that it’s easy to do. 

• Head over to Imglarger.com. 

• Go to “Sign In”. 

• Enter your email and click “Sign in with email link”. 

• An email will then be sent to you with a login link. Click the link in your email, and it will take you back to the site. 

• Click the giant “Upload Images” button. 

• Select your image. 

• Click on “400%”. This will make your image four times its current size. You can use 800% if you get the paid version, but in the majority of cases, that’s unnecessary unless you’re printing to something very large.

• Click “Start”.

• Once it’s done processing, just click “Download”.

That’s it. It couldn’t be more simple!

Please note that although this tool is free, there is a limit to how many upscales you can do with a free account. If you want more upscales than the allotted amount, then you’ll need to pay.

Pre-Printing Option #2: How to Easily Convert Your Midjourney Poster into a Vector Image for Free
If your Midjourney poster is of a “graphic” or “vector style”, then you might want to go with vectorizing your image.

How do you know if vectorizing is the best choice for you? Well, is your design something that doesn’t have a ton of detail? Something that is made up of blocks of color? Something that isn’t lifelike?

If so, then try a vector image and see how it looks. 

For example, prompt #1 (Fight Club) absolutely needs to be vectorized. It’s the first prompt on this page.

A vector image can essentially be printed on the biggest canvas you can throw at it. Cool, right?

Anyways, to vectorize your image, just go to Vectorizer.ai. Then drag and drop your image onto the site, choose the default settings in most cases, and click “Download”. That’s it.

In most cases, you do NOT need to upscale AND vectorize the same image before printing it.


to vectorize your image, just go to Vectorizer.ai. 

Midjourney Prompts

